Update SIG materials (#81)
bytecodealliance/governance: SIGs/getting-started-guide.md

- [ ] Add SIG Chairs as maintainers to the Bytecode Alliance [`meetings`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings) repository so they can manage a subfolder there for the SIG's meeting agenda, notes, presentations, etc.
    - [ ] Create the subfolder for the SIG, and add a README that summarizes general information about attending SIG meetings.
    - [ ] Update the README in the [`meetings`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings) repo to include the new SIG. As soon as the SIG Chair(s) are appointed please identify them in the repo README as well.
    - [ ] Add meeting agegnda and notes to the subfolder as meetings are planned and occur, typically organized by year.
- [ ] Add SIG meetings to the Bytecode Alliance [public calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=events%40bytecodealliance.org&ctz=America%2FLos_Angeles). Include important details on joining the meeting or a link to where those details may be found.
- [ ] Announce the new SIG on Zulip in `#general`

## Running SIG Meetings

The following are minimum requirements of running a SIG:

> - All meetings should be public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All meetings must be public. The zoom link need not be publicly available, to avoid zoom bombing, but should be shared with anyone who requests it.
```

- Attendance and notes should be taken at all meetings

> - Meetings should be recorded if practical and uploaded to Bytecode Alliance YouTube in a new channel for the SIG. Note, check "No it is not made for kids" when uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended, but not requied, that meetings be recorded and uploaded to Bytecode Alliance YouTube in a playlist for the SIG. (Note: check "No it is not made for kids" when uploaded.)
```

> - Meeting notes should publicly available and easy to find, either by including them in the SIG's subfolder in the [`meetings`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings) repo or, if elsewhere, directly linked to from within that subfolder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Meeting notes should be publicly available and easy to find, either by including them in the SIG's subfolder in the [`meetings`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings) repo or, if elsewhere, directly linked to from within that subfolder.
```

> - Meeting notes should be publicly available and easy to find, either by including them in the SIG's subfolder in the [`meetings`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings) repo or, if elsewhere, directly linked to from within that subfolder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meeting notes must be publicly available and easy to find, either by including them in the SIG's subfolder in the [`meetings`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings) repo or, if elsewhere, directly linked to from within that subfolder.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The Bytecode Alliance maintains a Zoom account to enable video meeting support and recording for all its SIGs.

## Co-chair onboarding

> - [ ] Add to `sig-admins` Google Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [ ] Add to `sig-admins` Google Group
```

- [ ] Add to the Bytecode Alliance 1Password Team account so can access:
    - SIG Admin Zoom credentials to manage video meetings and meeting recordings
    - YouTube credentials to upload videos
    - Public Events calendar to schedule and maintain SIG meetings

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
